Adding chromadb Python package to `ollama` WILDS Docker image (#362)
getwilds/wilds-docker-library: ollama/README.md

# Ollama

> This directory contains Docker images for [Ollama](https://ollama.com/), an LLM inference server, bundled with the [Sprocket](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/sprocket) WDL validator, the [Python ollama SDK](https://pypi.org/project/ollama/), [OpenCode](https://github.com/sst/opencode), an open-source AI coding agent, and [Chroma](https://www.trychroma.com/), an open-source vector database for retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) workflows. Designed for benchmarking LLM-generated WDL scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains Docker images for [Ollama](https://ollama.com/), an LLM inference server, bundled with the [Sprocket](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/sprocket) WDL validator, the [Python ollama SDK](https://pypi.org/project/ollama/), [OpenCode](https://github.com/sst/opencode), an open-source AI coding agent, and [ChromaDB](https://www.trychroma.com/), an open-source vector database tool. Designed for benchmarking LLM-generated WDL scripts.
```
I would be more precise in the ChromaDB description (and specify 'DB' since we're not using other Chroma products)
